taking video my name is gallery take
Oh taking this Tyrell
and we putting on this tire yeah and
then we go over here there's my truck go
get new tires put on it so grill looks
nice and tires look shitty there's the
interior okay
yeah I kind of fix that but yeah to work
in progress you know kind of repaint all
this there's the other tires holder in
there somewhere
this is a visor going to go up up there
right yeah
dual exhaust I'll start it up here in a
second
yeah there's one sighs this there's the
other then there's Travis say I this is
kind of bad shape but yeah they actually
just put new floor mats in yeah so then
that's about it oh yeah Wow
forget about the engine come on
there's a there's the engine
looking nice like always
sounds pretty good too so
yeah get the
yeah that's about it yeah